bandwhich: add page (#5750)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/bandwhich.md

# bandwhich

> > A CLI utility for displaying current network utilization by process, connection and remote IP/hostname.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A CLI utility for displaying current network utilization by process, connection or remote IP/hostname.
```

> More information: <https://github.com/imsnif/bandwhich>.

> - Show remote addresses table only:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show the remote addresses table only:
```

`bandwhich --addresses`

> - Show DNS queries:

Author: I think the latter one; haven't played around with this allot yet.

`bandwhich --show-dns`

> - Show total (cumulative) usages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show total (cumulative) usage:
```

`bandwhich --total-utilization`

> - Show network utilization for given interface (eg. {{eth0}}):
> 
> `bandwhich --interface {{interface}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show network utilization for a specific network interface:

`bandwhich --interface {{eth0}}`
```

> - Show DNS queries with a given DNS server:
> 
> `bandwhich --show-dns --dns-server {{dns-server}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Show DNS queries for a specific DNS server:

`bandwhich --show-dns --dns-server {{dns_server_ip}}`
```

Author: @bl-ue It doesn't show DNS quiries _"for_" a specific DNS server, it uses the given DNS server.

Reviewer: (sorry, forgot about this one) Updated.  Is it correct now?

Author: I'm a bit 50-50; it *uses* the specified DNS server, your sentence makes it seem like doing queries to the DNS server. It's a bit, "how you read it, then it makes sense"...

Reviewer 2: Ah, I see @Waples. What about this?

```suggestion
- Show DNS queries with a given DNS server:

`bandwhich --show-dns --dns-server {{dns_server_ip}}`
```
